# Data_visualisation-challenge
In this project we have to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens on recent mice study for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
## Data Source
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC. Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.
## Features
•    Data was prepared by merging two datasets mouse_metadata and study_results    into single dataframe.
•    Next the dataframe was cleaned by removing the duplicate mouse ID.
•    Summary statistics was  createded of cleaned DataFrame  with measures of    central tendency.
•    Two bar and Pie charts were created showing the total total number of rows (Mouse ID/Timepoints) for each drug regimen 
     throughout the study by using Pandas and Matplotlib's methods.
•    The final tumor volume of each mouse across four of the most promising treatment regimens: Capomulin, Ramicane, Infubinol,  
     and Ceftamin was calculated.Then the quartiles and IQR, was calculated to determine if there are any potential outliers 
     across all four treatment regimens. 
•    Using Matplotlib, a box plot was created that shows the distribution of the final tumor volume for all the mice in each 
     treatment group showing any potential outliers.
•    A line plot is generated that shows the tumor volume vs. time point for one mouse treated with Capomulin. 
•    A scatter plot is generated that shows average tumor volume vs. mouse weight for the Capomulin regimen.
•    The correlation coefficient and linear regression model are calculated for mouse weight and average tumor volume for the 
     Capomulin regimen.
## Prerequisites
•    Tools need to have installed before project:
•    Python 
•    Matplotlib's
•    Jupyter Notebook
•    GitHub
•    Local git repository data visualization challenge was created , cloned and changes were pushed to main branch.
## Analysis
•   A brief analysis observations from the calculations are added at the beginning of the jupyter notebook report.

